[SOUMA] The fact that I can
understand the language spoken
in this country, and similarly,
that people here understand
my native language
is not a coincidence.
Apparently, this is some strange
power imparted on heroes.
Not only that, I can read
and write the language
of both worlds.
Don't ask me how.
It's like it automatically
gets translated
inside of my head,
and then I write it out.
On that note, it seems no matter
where you're from in this world,
the entire population
uses a single language.
Which is hard to believe,
given the diversity
of cultures that call
this world home.
Out of everyone here, it looks
like I'm the only person
who has this
auto‐translate ability.
So it may be
exclusive to heroes.
For instance,
I can play recordings
saved on my phone.
But when I do,
the only thing the people
of this world hear is an
incomprehensible language.
It's all so strange.
[SOUMA] Someday, Liscia, you'll
be the ruler of Elfrieden.
What I want, most of all,
is to leave you with every tool
you'll need to succeed.
So after I've gone back home,
you'll be able to manage
all facets of this country.
[SOUMA] But, after it's
on the right track,
I'll let this country
handle the rest.
Of course, you can
cancel our engagement.
[LISCIA] I know that's
what Souma promised,
but did he really mean it?
He wants to find more useful
personnel to advise him,
but most importantly,
what this country needs
right now is Souma's leadership.
The place you're
originally from,
do you have family there
waiting for you to return?
Or, you know, friends,
girlfriends.
Anything like that.
[SOUMA]
There's no one.
[LISCIA] He doesn't have
connections to the world
he's originally from,
so what if I become
a part of his family?
I wonder if that would
anchor him here.
Wait.
If I create a fait accompli,
as his fiancée, then...
[knocking]
[LISCIA gasps]
[SERINA]
Princess, it's time to get up.
[LISCIA]
Uh... I'm already awake.
Princess? Is there
something wrong?
You're looking slightly flushed.
Uh, nothing is the matter!
I was just thinking about...
[SERINA chuckles]
[SERINA]
Today is the day.
His Majesty is going to
honor the five subjects
who proved to be
especially outstanding
among the recruited talent.
[LISCIA]
Yes, I remember.
The king wishes for you
to attend as well,
so please hurry and get ready.
[LISCIA] I understand
numerous people responded
to his invitation.
[SERINA]
Yes, so many.
The screeners were complaining,
grumbling how there was no
way they would ever finish.
I'll bet if Souma heard
that, he would say,
"if you have time to complain,
get back to work."
[HAKUYA]
What is with that expression?
Don't tell me you're
having second thoughts.
Uh... No.
I've made it this far
thanks to my talent,
but am I nervous about
standing before the king
and having to prove it
can be of some use?
Yes.
After all, my skill is
rather, well, you know.
[LUDWIN] You are in the
presence of the king,
and you will bow your head.
[AISHA]
This is not my people's custom.
I ask your forbearance.
Respect must be deserved.
Warriors from our tribe bow
to no one but our master.
What did you say?
Who if not the king is your‐‐
[SOUMA]
It's all right.
I'm the one who asked
them for assistance
to help the kingdom.
We can allow some leeway.
As Your Majesty requests.
The rest of you,
please stop bowing.
If anyone here ought to
be showing some gratitude,
it's certainly me.
Feel free to stand.
[MARX]
By order of His Majesty,
the gifted and exemplary
citizens of the nation
have gathered at the capital.
Those present today have
shown they have rare abilities
that set them apart from their
peers across the land.
We will now announce the
talents these people possess
and present them with
their promised awards.
Aisha Udgard, dark elf from
the God‐Protected Forest,
if you would step forward.
[SOUMA]
Time for a little research.
"Dark elves.
A minority race within
the Elfrieden Kingdom.
Their people are known for their
elevated combat skills.
They live in the
God‐Protected Forest,
which is said to be
divinely guarded,
and are allowed autonomy
over these woods
as its caretakers.
They have limited interaction
with other races
and are extremely territorial."
It's helpful being able to
read remotely like this.
This "Living Poltergeists" thing
sure does come in handy.
Pun intended.
[MARX] Your Majesty, she
excels in the art of combat.
It is fair to say that
her fighting abilities
are unmatched by anyone
in the kingdom,
and we commend her for that.
The foremost military
prowess in the kingdom.
I have high hopes for you.
To be clear: you
wish to honor those
who can prove they are
an asset to the future
of this kingdom?
That was my promise, and I
intend on keeping my word.
[AISHA] In that case,
I do not want the reward.
I ask you to hear
my request instead.
Go ahead. Please tell me.
My people are troubled,
for in the God‐Protected Forest,
the mature trees are
weakening while the saplings
are failing to grow.
Please, sire!
I ask you to lend
my tribe your wisdom!
I'm not sure what to say.
Let's see.
Just making sure, you are
thinning the forest properly?
Thinning? What exactly
do you mean by that?
You should periodically cut down
a moderate number of trees
in order to maintain the
woodland and promote new growth.
Everyone knows that.
[SOUMA]
Then again, maybe they don't.
If you allow the mature
trees to grow rampantly,
their foliage blocks
out sunlight,
preventing younger
ones from flourishing.
If the forest isn't managed
and is left alone,
all you're left with are
old trees that are thin
and weak like bean sprouts.
Once that's allowed to happen,
the woods become vulnerable
to snow and wind.
And without sunlight,
the undergrowth
begins to wither.
The soil can't retain water,
making it susceptible
to landslides.
[AISHA]
Your Majesty!
Yes? What'd I say?
[AISHA]
I humbly beg your forgiveness
for my rude behavior earlier!
[SOUMA]
Huh?
If you command me
to fight, then I will fight!
Command me to die, then I shall!
Order me to become your
concubine, consider it done!
Please, as soon as possible,
come to the
God‐Protected Forest.
Once you're there,
teach my people about
the art of "thinning"!
Sure. You got it.
[EXCEL] By the sounds of it,
things are getting interesting
over there.
[MARX]
Juna Doma, you shall be next.
Step forward.
Yes, sir.
[LISCIA]
Ahem.
What? I haven't forgotten my
job, so stop giving me
that look.
My king, this woman possesses
unparalleled beauty.
In addition to this,
she has an incomparable
singing voice.
She may rightly be called
the greatest songstress
of our time.
[SOUMA] A beautiful
appearance and voice.
God does have
favorites after all.
I don't deserve such praise,
your highness.
[MARX] From the information
I've been provided,
the Doma family's
ancestors were loreleis.
So a talent for singing
most likely runs
through her blood.
[SOUMA]
Loreleis?
Legend says they were
creatures from the deep
who beguiled sailors
with their beauty
and enchanting voices.
The singing voice of a lorelei?
I would very much like
to hear a song.
If that is what you wish.
I know.
All of Elfrieden is watching.
Since the ceremony
is being transmitted
far and wide via the Gemstone,
could you sing us
something that will help
to energize the nation's people?
As in something lively?
Let's see.
Several songs have
been passed down
in my family, but most of them
are melancholy in nature.
Honestly, I can't think of
any energizing songs.
But if I were to hear one,
I'm sure I could
sing it right away.
Huh. If you were
to hear one, huh?
Well, in that case...
[JUNA] My king, what manner of
device do you have there?
I guess you can think of it
as a pocket‐sized musician.
Right. Are you ready?
[JUNA]
Uh... Ready.
[JUNA laughs]
The song I played you is
one from my homeland.
[JUNA] Does that mean
the language I just heard
is from a completely
different world?
Yeah.
Since it's foreign to you,
it'll probably be hard to sing.
No. I'll be fine.
I remember the song
phonetically after hearing it,
so I should have
no trouble at all.
You memorized the whole thing
after hearing it only one time?
Amazing.
Most kind of you.
Very well. I will
sing for this land.
[singing]
[cheering]
Thank you very
much for giving me
the chance to perform
for the whole kingdom!
I should be the
one thanking you.
You have a wonderful
singing voice.
[JUNA] I would love to
learn more songs from
Your Majesty's homeland,
if possible.
I see you are as intent
as ever on gathering
intelligence from all quarters.
[ROROA] Valuable intelligence
is worth more than gold.
Information is the lifeline
of any good merchant.
And has there been
any news of interest?
Apparently the king
of Elfrieden is doing
an overhaul of his advisors
and recruiting talent
across the country.
Seems he didn't think those
musty dynastic retainers
could fulfill his new agenda.
Certainly looks that way.
Still, it's not like his
is the only nation
in desperate need of
some fresh blood.
[SEBASTIAN]
Hmm...
In the end, that entirely
depends on whether
the person hiring can
recognize a candidates'
true value.
[HAKUYA] He displayed
ingenuity and generosity
in agreeing to the
dark elf's request.
As for the Lorelei‐descended
songstress...
I look forward to
seeing how he will use
her skills to better
the kingdom.
Overall, not a bad start.
However, the most challenging
trial is about to begin.
[MARX] We shall continue
with Poncho Panacotta
from Potte Village.
Step forward.
Right. That would be me,
your sirness. I...
[SOUMA]
Uh...
Oh. Uh, pardon my clumsiness!
This man's talent for eating
can be called legendary.
While there were several
applicants who answered the call
claiming to have a true
gift for gluttony,
none could match this
man's insatiable appetite.
Furthermore, his search for
food has been no ordinary one.
He has traveled the world,
eating specialties
and rarities along the way.
According to him,
he has consumed just about
everything there is to eat.
What? That's terrific news!
[SOUMA] Thank you so much
for answering my call!
I've been waiting for a person
with your expertise!
More than any of the other
talented people here.
I'm delighted that you
stepped forward!
Your Majesty...
...is delighted I'm here?
You know, everyone,
they called me fatso
and said I was a fool to
throw my money away
for the sake of eating.
They're wrong!
Your well‐honed gluttony
will save this kingdom!
So hold your head
proud and high.
Are‐‐Are you sure about
that, my kingness?
[SOUMA]
Yes.
Your insight from sampling
the specialties and rarities
from all over will be the key
to solving multiple hardships.
I need your help, Poncho!
Let me use your vast knowledge!
[PONCHO]
Yes, sire!
If I can be of any assistance
to you, by all means,
use my experience. Please!
Hey, Marx, if there's a
distinguished subject,
this country has a
tradition where the king
can grant them a specific
title, right?
Indeed. You are most
correct, my king.
In that case, Poncho,
I will dub you with
the name "Ishizuka."
Back where I'm from,
it belongs to
an insatiable hunter
and master of cuisine.
I trust you'll work hard
not to tarnish the name.
[NARRATOR] When the sight of
King Souma receiving Poncho
was seen throughout the nation,
it encouraged the reluctant.
There were still those
of exceptional talent
who had not stepped forward,
but after witnessing how
all manner of skills
were praised by the king,
they gathered themselves
to Elfrieden.
[MARX] Your Majesty, the
preceding three nominated
themselves, but the next man was
recommended by someone else.
Huh?
[MARX] And now, Hakuya
Kwonmin, step forward.
Sir.
[MARX] This man has exhibited
a talent for intellect.
It is believed that his
knowledge and memory
are unrivaled throughout
the kingdom.
Who was it that suggested
your skills could help out
in some way?
It was the uncle
I live with, sire.
He said I was old enough
to stop reading books
and should serve my country
in a meaningful way,
so he put my name forth.
[SOUMA chuckles]
That's funny?
[SOUMA] No. I was just
remembering how I used to
get that a lot myself,
believe it or not.
So, then, what genre of books
do you tend to read?
[HAKUYA]
I do not prefer any one genre.
I read literature, of course,
as well as history,
law, and military tactics.
Assimilating knowledge
unknown to me
is my reason for living.
Interesting.
In that case, how would
you like to be a librarian
in the castle library?
You would have free
access to books
authorized to only catalogers.
[HAKUYA]
Oh, that is most generous.
And I graciously accept.
Yes.
I suppose that is what I would
have said just a moment ago.
But not anymore, I take it?
No. I have changed
my mind since.
Fine. Then what
would you prefer?
[HAKUYA] If you'll permit it:
Using my knowledge,
I would like to underpin
Your Majesty's hegemony.
[SOUMA] Pretty bold to use
the word "hegemony."
And I wonder what he
means by "underpin."
Does he want to be
my military strategist?
And you believe you're
gifted enough to do that?
[HAKUYA]
I would like to think I am.
You said that you changed
your mind. Explain.
Begging your pardon,
but since the ceremony began,
I've been sizing
Your Majesty up,
judging whether you were
a ruler worth serving.
Seems I passed.
What criteria were you
using to determine
if I was worthy?
It was dependent on whether
you appointed Poncho.
That was my litmus test.
Even if you had not immediately
recognized his value,
but had appointed him
for some future use,
you still would have
passed as a king.
If you had judged Poncho's
talent as worthless
and rejected him,
you would have failed.
That was my line of reasoning.
I never expected you
to welcome him as you did.
I'm pleased that I
was wrong about you.
There's no doubt‐‐
your talent is sensing
what this country
desperately needs and
seeking it out at all costs.
I will echo those sentiments.
I also believe I know
what this country needs
during these trying times.
But tell me, are you
the sort of advisor
who can help me
get the job done?
I believe His Majesty
must be the one
to judge that for himself.
[PONCHO whimpering]
[SOUMA]
All right then.
Come to my chambers afterward.
We'll converse, then I'll
determine how much talent
you have and how best to use it.
As you command, grace.
[NARRATOR] And so concluded
the first meeting between
King Souma and Hakuya Kwonmin,
the man who would
later be known as
the "Prime Minister in Black."
That evening, after talking
late into the night,
King Souma acknowledged Hakuya
was a man of rare ingenuity,
and installed him as
his right‐hand man.
[MARX]
And lastly, we have Tomoe Inui,
of the mystic wolves.
Would you step forward?
Uh... Right!
She's quite unique.
This girl has the
unusual talent of being able
to commune with
both birds and beasts.
Oh?
To verify this ability,
we had her taken out
to the royal stables.
There she revealed both
the health statuses
of the horses and
their histories.
According to her, she
ascertained the answers
from the animals directly,
making her gift
truly heaven‐sent.
[SOUMA]
The land of the mystic wolves.
That's way to the north
of Elfrieden. Wow.
Yes.
As far as I am aware,
there are no other
mystic wolves residing
in the kingdom.
Which would mean that
there's a good chance
she's a refugee.
[LISCIA]
Mm...
It doesn't make
any difference to me.
She has an aptitude, and
I'll make good use of it.
But the question is, how do I
make the most of her talent?
[TOMOE]
Uh, my king?
E‐Excuse me.
What's wrong?
Nothing! I‐‐ Um, actually...
...there is something
I need to tell you.
Sounds like it's very important.
Please. Go ahead
and say your piece.
[TOMOE]
Right! Um, as it happens...
Sorry. You'll need to
speak up a little,
or I won't be able to hear.
I, um... Well, you see...
[SOUMA] No problem.
I'll come down there to you.
See? Now you don't have
to raise your voice so much.
There's no reason to be shy.
Y‐ Yes. The truth is...